Hello, freak bitches.
Has there been any news, uh, updates on the John John situation of like, no.
I haven't heard nothing.
That's so disappointing. So.
Makes me sad. The redand insights on this one. Yeah, that's right.
You called the Dick pills. I would just like you say for the record, Brian,
redand completely called the pill thing. You, if I paraphrase, you were like,
lemme say he parties, he does Coke. Uh, he, you know,
he probably took some Dick pills and I was like, what? Jesus Christ.
It made so much sense. It was like how it was there right along the whole time.
<Laugh> I just remember the fda.gov had like, you know,
breakdowns of certain like rhino, uh, Dick pills at gas stations.
Lot of had steroid type things in him. Yeah. And it's.
He's so crazy. He was taking that stuff that is probably still taking him. Well,
now I bet he would. I mean, now, now he's like, it. I'll just take everything.
You could get addicted to him. I was addicted to him for a while.
I don't know why I don't.
I don't think he's addicted to it. I,
the new thing that he tested positive for has nothing to do with that.
They said the new thing that he tested positive for is a steroid that they only
test for in urine. And, uh, according to jail, Sunon, it's like a very,
uh, it's not a very common steroid and it's actually kind of old school.
It's like something they used to do a long time ago.
So he it's his thought was that if somebody is getting him to do that, it, that,
um, if that's not a TA supplement, if someone's getting 'em to do that,
that person knows their. Like that's, that's some sneaky steroids. Wow. Yeah.
And he said, it's usually combined with other things. That's so.
Unfortunate, man. I don't.
Know if it's true. Right? He could have got sabotaged.
What's he saying? Is he saying.
No, one's saying anything. Ah, there's no official statement.
I don't think like, yeah. Cause there's,
I think they're trying to test other sta other samples.
They tested a blood sample and then they released the results of the blood blood
sample. They always do a blood in a urine. The blood sample was negative,
but the blood sample didn't test for that stuff. So I don't, you know,
you could speculate all day long. I'm sure as the facts come in,
we'll get a better under standing of it.
But it would be the most disappointing thing ever if someone spiked his,
it'd almost be less disappointing. If he took something and got caught,
then it would be if somebody tainted him.
That's why I'm saying it. Like he knows his past.
It just seems ridiculous to think that he would even try,
even if it's old school or stuff, they barely right.
It seems like why would he even risk that? Cause he already went.
Through that. Totally. Right.
But being a cage fighter is a ridiculous way to make a living. Yeah.
And people who are cage fighters, especially like elite level,
like a guy like John Jones,
he's that guy has like probably a belief in himself. The,
that you and I will never understand and completely impulsive
in like what he decides. So he's wi he's a wild. That's why he's so good.
Cuz he's smart. And he's wild. Like he'll take,
he's like legitimately wild he's wild chances.
Like I always talk about like when he fought showgun for the tile and when he
fought showgun for the title, he opened up the fight with a flying knee.
That was the first thing he did fighting a legend,
fighting a UFC light heavyweight champion. I mean he's,
he was crazy talented and still is right. I mean he's only 30, but he's um,
wild man and wild men sometimes do that they don't even know why they're
why they're doing it. They're just doing it. You know?
And if you're a guy that's that powerful as a guy like John Jones,
like try controlling him. Good luck, good luck telling him you can't go out.
Good luck telling him what he's gotta do. You know,
it's one of the things about him in the past is that hasn't trained hard for
fights and they were way harder fights than they should have been.
Probably because he really wasn't in shape and everyone around him kind of knew
it. But it was, he was that good that he could fight world class,
title challengers and beat them in five round fights without really training.
Like that's how good that guy is. So you and I,
we don't know how his brain even works. So who knows what the happened?
I hope he didn't do something. But then again,
that means that one of two things happened either.
He took a SA tainted supplement, which is after a while almost comes,
becomes a joke. Right? Like people keep saying that, Hey,
stop taking supplements or even worse as someone spiked him. Yeah.
The spiking thing, cuz it seemed like.
Uh, that would be crazy. Yeah. That would be crazy.
You could do that to somebody though, for sure. I mean,
if somebody is around someone with nefarious intentions
or someone's around someone who's resentful and you're in some sort of pro fight
camp and someone just decides,
this guy and just dump some stuff on your chicken, steroid.
Cream in your hand cream.
I think there's things they could do to get it into your system.
You probably wouldn't even know what.
The test that came up. Ne positive,
I guess is the one that happened right there. It was after the weigh in.
Right? Yes. And so urine test, he wasn't tested.
At any time before that.
Um, I'm sure he was, they were said multiple times in camp. Um,
so wouldn't it have probably come up to no Don not necessarily.
Or you just took cause it's really like or something. Well, if you know,
I don't know like what kind of time period they tested him in and I don't know
what kind of halflife this stuff has. Cuz uh, apparently chill sun was telling,
uh, Brendan Shaw that it gets outta your system quite quick.
And that's one of the things that guys like about it,
apparently that you could do it and it gets outta your system really quick.
You would have to find out like how much time do they usually have in between
visits,
by USADA mm-hmm <affirmative> and what are the odds they're gonna get busted?
Like how much, how many times during camp are they willing to roll the dice?
Say if they have a 24 or four, eight hour acting steroid,
how many times can you roll the dice? You Sawda visited you three times.
You gotta roll the dice this week. Roll it. Come on.
I wanna have a hard workout Thursday. it. Let's roll the dice.
You roll the dice. 27 hours. No you saw at 28, you wake up at the,
all of the night sweating 30 hours. No you, you know,
if they come you've you know,
if they come your career's over and they take away millions of dollars,
40 hours. Whew. You're peeing. Ah,
no youadada the next day you Sawda oh, you start thinking 52 hours.
How many is that? How many hours is that? How many has it been?
48 for 9 50, 51 53 hours. 53 hours.
It's gotta be gone. Right? It's gotta all be gone. And you give them that.
Just wondering whether it's in there.
And I'm sure there's stuff that you can take that supposedly washes it out
faster. Like any kind of drug tests, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like weed tests. I remember,
I think it was like cranberry juice or something. You just.
Constantly drink or there's certain diuretics for sure. Certain diuretics can,
uh, mask steroids. It's one of the reasons why they're illegal.
I'm looking at this article that came out about an hour ago.
It looks like on a bloody elbow. It, it,
that's not like any updated news or anything. Really.
It's a P E D expert who's known, uh,
in the tracked field world as known for supplying performance,
Nancy drugs to them. His name is angel Hernandez. Also his memo. Not that,
that matters a whole lot, but um, if anybody knows him.
Uh, what angel herridia herardia Hernandez. Yeah,
but angel herardia is that the same guy that used to train mannypaco no. Or no,
it was a who the did.
There was a guy that was like a really popular God it.
I know I got his name wrong, but I strength and conditioning coach.
He's saying that the test that they do text tests for six different, uh,
particular metabolites.
And one of those can last up to seven weeks and uh,
then it skipped on to here.
He says that one of those metabolite can look like the same structure as the
terraranib ball. Mm. And it may or may not.
It doesn't mean that's notran ball or whatever,
but it could have be from a bad supplement that he took during the training
period that lasted in his system and ended up looking like it.
Ooh, interesting. But that's listen to this quote, listen to this quote.
If he would've been using way before then he eventually would've been positive
on the 21 date testing before the fight, but he was negative.
Then he came out positive. Frankly, the testing itself, it lacks of cred, uh,
credibility for a lot of reasons. Uh, we could go on and on, but,
and I could be very specific in terms of chemistry,
but I don't wanna mislead the people that listen.
It's just the fact that they're detecting six different metabolites.
And one of them stays there, um, longer than seven week.
But the most intriguing part is that some of those metabolites are not really
confirmed that they are actually coming from that. How do you say that?
Terrain ball, ball, terrain, ball structure. All right.
But yada, who's doing this.
They know what the they're doing and they're not,
they're not going to come out with a result unless they're super,
super sure that that's what they're tested positive for.
I don't know if this guy's right. Yeah. That's why I don't know either. He's.
Just sort of speculating. I would imagine. I don't know if he wasn't there.
Either, but I tell you, I talked to Jeff navitsky off stage. I mean,
off Mike on Mike, I talked to him around the arena. He's
he's about as honest as it comes,
when it comes to like handling these situations with these athletes,
they're catching people and the people they're catching we're using there's,
you know, the way they're doing it is very thorough. The way they're,
it is very thorough.
And there hasn't been anybody with a credible story that came forth that didn't
have something in their system that they weren't,
that were supposed to have in their system. We haven't had a case of that yet.
As far as I know,
I think almost all cases have been either tainted supplements or someone getting
caught, whether it's taking a diuretic or someone getting caught,
taking a there's a lot going on like that. And he's got,
you know,
they have a team of people that are just constantly checking people that might
be cheating. I guess.
You have to also say it's where there's smoke. There's fire.
How many fighters never have a steroid, you know, in him, you know.
There's a few, um, you know, BJ Penn, uh,
I'm sure there's uh, you know, I used to think it would be John Fitch,
but then John Fitch tested positive. He was, uh,
but he was getting older and he was fighting and um,
the world series of fighting wasn't in the UFC anymore. And you know,
and he might have been dealing with some serious injuries,
need to pay his bills for fighting. Like I don't begrudge anybody,
especially when they're not even in the UFC.
And the testing that they do in a lot of these organizations is like,
there's a lot of, uh,
there's a lot of organizations that have guys that are pretty much
openly using. And what they do is they have these guys fight,
unlike Indian reservations or fighting weird, uh,
states that have an athletic commission.
It doesn't really adhere to the rules or it doesn't have to. And doesn't,
it's not very strict, but what, especially the Indian reservation thing,
native American reservations, they do whatever the they want, man.
They're a country inside our country, but youata, they look up your,
man. They look up your, they come get you.
They come get you and they wake you up. Hey man, Hey, how you doing? Hey, we,
I'm gonna look at your Dick and I'm gonna watch come outta your Dick.
It's gonna go in this cup and then you can go back to sleep. <laugh> it's uh,
it's no joke. And, uh,
to see a guy like John with just spectacular,
just spectacular comeback fight, you know, I mean like a Phoenix,
he rises from the ashes. He can gave this really classy post fight speech.
He won by just overwhelming
devastation. I mean,
it was a beautiful combination with the left high kick and then a series of
shots. Daniel goes down,
he just beats him unconscious and a spectacular performance.
And then to find out that it's did by some gross
steroid that were, they were sneaking in.
Is it either that or again, the other one,
which is almost equally gross that somebody gave it to 'em like somebody gave
them some, Hey man, Hey champ, have some, uh, have this Gatorade champ,
you know, Hey champ, I got you a Gatorade champ crack, you.
Know, and they're very accessible these fighters, you know, they're, you know,
they're just going to the gyms. Like you go to a lot of times.
If you're not fighting John, he's a great guy. Yeah. He's a great guy.
Great guy. People love him. Um, I think that, um, we don't know,
you know, it just makes me sad. It makes me sad,
but one day, you know, one day they'll have it eradicated,
but by then I think there's gonna be some new methods.
I think they're gonna have genetic methods. That's the next one.
I.